If your videos are stuck at zero views,
if you're posting shorts or long form
and still getting no traction, you're
probably making the same mistake I made.
There are five hidden settings that
YouTube doesn't tell you about, but if
you get even one of them wrong, your
entire channel could stay invisible. I
used to be there. Zero views, zero watch
time, no hope. But then I changed
several crucial settings and everything
flipped. I'm going to show you exactly
how to do the same. My channel is called
Felixie AI. In the past, I uploaded
content I believed in, highquality,
edited, optimized, but nothing worked.
No views, no clicks, no hope. I almost
gave up. But then I decided to stop
guessing and start testing. I spent
hours digging into YouTube Studio,
reading forums, watching insider
interviews, and I found a pattern, a
combination of settings that almost
every successful channel was using, and
most beginners weren't. So, I tried it.
I applied all five changes, uploaded a
video, thousands of views. Now my
channel is finally growing and even my
brand new shorts channel is scaling like
crazy. I want the same for you. So take
5 minutes and listen carefully because
each step builds on the next. First
setting is made for kids. Just go to
YouTube Studio settings channel advance.
You'll see this. Is your channel made
for kids? Here's the truth. Unless
you're creating nursery rhymes or toy
unboxings, set this to no because if
it's set to yes or even if you're
reviewing it video by video, YouTube
might push your content into the YouTube
Kids platform.
Give it to me. Give it to
me. And that's like getting kicked out
of the cool party and sent to the kitty
table. No recommendations, no homepage
traffic, no trending. Your video
basically disappears like your socks in
the washing machine. Once I uploaded a
video and clicked yes by mistake. It
flopped harder than my gym attendance in
January, harder than a penguin trying to
fly. Choose that no button and protect
your content like it's your last slice
of pizza. And that was the first domino.
But then I discovered something newer
and scarier. Scarier than opening your
front camera by accident. Setting number
two, altered content. YouTube just
dropped a shiny new AI related flag. And
if you skip this, your video might get
ghosted harder than me after I said I
love you in a group chat. When you're
uploading a video, scroll down and hit
show more. There it is. Is this altered
or synthetic content? Now, if you click
yes, you're basically telling YouTube,
"Hey YouTube, I'm a robot from 3025.
Please launch my video into the void. No
joke, I tested it. When I clicked yes,
my views flatlined faster than my grades
after discovering Netflix. When I
clicked no, the same video started
showing up in browse and suggested.
Here's the real kicker. This setting is
especially harsh on shorts, where
YouTube is flooded with AI content, but
it's creeping into long form, too.
Especially if you use stock footage, AI
voices, faceless scripts, aka 90% of us
trying to build a YouTube empire from
our bedroom. Right? So, unless your
video is faking real world people or
events, click no. Before we get into the
most crucial settings that literally
changed my channel overnight and gave me
crazy results, here's something I never
thought would make such a massive
difference. I had the perfect YouTube
strategy, the right settings, the catchy
hooks. But still, I was stuck editing
shorts manually for hours. At this
point, my timeline had seen more of me
than my family. Then I found Clippy AI.
Everything changed. This tool is a total
gamecher for creators. It can autocreate
viral shorts in trending formats like
fake text combos, Reddit style stories,
split screen videos, even top five
ranking shorts that are blowing up right
now. No more editing at 2:00 a.m. asking
why did I choose this light. You just
upload, name your video, and Clippy does
the rest. So, if you're serious about
shorts, the links in the description,
and yes, you can test it for free. No
excuses. Big thanks for Clippy for
sponsoring this video. Setting number
three, playlist strategy for suggested
domination. You ever notice when you're
watching a video and every single
suggestion on the side is from the same
creator? That's not luck. It's planned.
So, here's exactly how you do it. Go
into YouTube Studio, create new
playlist, name it something that makes
people want to click. Something like
secret growth tactics that got me
millions of views. Or honestly, how I
survived editing 200 shorts without
crying. Yeah, that's my life right now.
Next, add your best videos to that
playlist. Videos that actually relate,
not like me and my ex.
Set it to public. Copy the playlist
link. And now here comes the ninja move.
Drop that link in your video description
and as a pinned comment. But wait, don't
just throw the playlist there like it's
trash. Be smarter than me on a diet. Go
into one video from that playlist, click
share, get a timestamped link. This way,
viewers land on a specific video inside
the playlist, and then YouTube starts
recommending your other videos like
crazy. It's like trapping them in your
content loop. That's how you create
binge sessions. But hold up, we're just
getting started. Next, I'll show you how
to make YouTube recommend your next
video before the current one even ends.
Stay with
me. Setting number four, end screen
funnel. Okay, this one's simple, but
super powerful. Inside every video, hit
that little end screen button. And now,
what do most creators do? They slap a
subscribe button and call it a day. But
you, you're smarter now. You're thinking
like a pro. Instead of just subscribe,
select playlist. Pick the same playlist
you just made. Why? Because the first
video in the playlist becomes the one
that shows up on your end screen, that
thumbnail, and when they click, bam, the
next one auto plays. It's like setting
up a trap, but the kind YouTube actually
loves. You turn one viewer into four
views in one sitting. More watch time,
more recommendations. But hold on,
here's the catch. The end screen. It
only shows up in the last 20 seconds.
And let's be honest, most people don't
even make it that far. They dip faster
than me when I see my ex at the mall.
So, what do we do? I got you. We'll fix
that in the next step. But first, why
this all works. YouTube isn't looking
for just good videos. It's looking for
content that's sticky. Content that
keeps people watching. These five
settings, they scream to YouTube, "Yo,
this is human content. This creator,
promote them. These viewers, they ain't
leaving. They're binging." That's how I
went from zero views to thousands. Bonus
time. Want to learn more hacks? Join my
Telegram channel. Daily YouTube
automation tricks and shorts tips for
free. Yeah, I said it. For freaking
free. And no, I won't try to sell you a
$997 course after 3 days, probably.
Setting number five, cards that trigger
curiosity. All right, you made a fire
video, but people are still dropping off
early, right? Yeah, that's because
you're not using cards the right way.
So, here's what you do. Go right below
your end screen settings and click on
the cards. Now, listen closely. At the
10-second mark, add a playlist card. Not
just any playlist. Use that same banger
playlist you made earlier. Why 10
seconds? Because most viewers are
already getting ready to click away by
15. You have to hit them before their
brain even whispers next. We're not
giving them options. We're building a
tunnel. A tunnel that keeps them locked
into your world. That's trap number one.
Now, fast forward to the middle of the
video. Things are heating up. They're
engaged. This is when you drop a channel
card. If you've got another channel,
this is your moment. Slide that thing in
like a secret weapon. In my case, I use
this to promote my editor's Yakia edit
channel. And no joke, it is so useful
weapon. But here's the real source.
Don't just use boring text like, "Check
this out." Please don't use teaser lines
that spark raw curiosity. Don't miss
this editing tricks channel or edit like
a pro with Cap Cut effortlessly. These
aren't just suggestions, they're traps
for the curious brain. And let's be
honest, we're all curious creatures.
Every time someone clicks, they stay in
your other world. They go deeper. And
YouTube sees that. It sees them watching
longer, clicking more, looping harder.
And what does that mean? Algorithm love.
Now, real talk. You've probably posted
videos that got zero traction. They just
sat there, flatlined, dead. That stops
today. Because these five settings,
they're not just tweaks. They're
weapons. They're the stuff that big
creators use quietly. So try them, test
them, experiment with them, and when you
start seeing the shift from 10 views to
100, from 100 to 10,000 and beyond. Come
back. Drop a comment. Say, "Felixie AI,
I made it. YouTube is easy now. I'll see
it." And I'll know you're one of the few
who gets it. I'm Felixy AI and I'm on a
mission to help small creators finally
win in this noisy world of YouTube
growth and algorithms. If you learned
even one thing today, smash that like
button and if you're serious about
growing fast, subscribe with
notifications because in the next video,
we're going to learn about something
special. See you there.